Stop
Boss Gu is on time enough, Dad
Save Cao Fuheng
I warn you
Let them go first
Don't challenge my bottom line
I say you
So old
Dude, don't be that big.
Don't you just want me to let them go?
Yes, give me a good talk
13 out of the stall, even people and goods will give you an offer.
Big happy or old and understand me
So I'm going to cut to the chase.
For the sake of our more than ten years of friendship
I give this number 200,000
200,000 you think too much
I paid two dollars.
Hahahaha
Take it, it's a lot
Hey you old thing
Don't be stupid
Your daughter is in my hands now. Hmm.
Take it!
Hey
Cousin
Hahahahaha, I am the king of the ancient times
In the history of the South for more than ten years
Can suffer
You can break the port eye and swallow it in your stomach
But who challenges my bottom line?
He has to pay with his life
Hey, you can take my place.
You can take my seat
But you let him go like a man
One-on-one with me
Do you dare to act like a man?
Old thing hum
In fact, I will give you a chance to come